Describe available security schemes in API Gateway v2 (#6362)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/api-gateway-v2/03-01-security_options.md

---
title: Available security options
type: Details
---

The API Gateway Controller allows you to secure the services you expose in 3 different ways:

- with OAuth2 tokens
- with JWT tokens
- with both OAuth2 and JWT tokens

> If you secrue a service with either OAuth2 or JWT tokens, you must include a valid OAuth2 or JWT token in the `Authorization` header of the call to service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you secure a service with either OAuth2 or JWT tokens, you must include a valid OAuth2 or JWT token in the `Authorization` header of the call to the service.
```

> If you secure a service with both OAuth2 and JWT, the Oathkeeper proxy expects OAuth2 tokens in the `Authorization` header of incoming calls. For endpoints secured with JWT, you must define the header from which the system extracts the JWT token for every **accessStrategy** you define. You can use any header name different from `Authorization`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you secure a service with both OAuth2 and JWT, the API Gateway proxy expects OAuth2 tokens in the `Authorization` header of incoming calls. For endpoints secured with JWT, you must define the header from which the system extracts the JWT token for every **accessStrategy** you define. You can use any header name different from `Authorization`.
```

> See these sample excerpts from APIRule custom resources that show the **rules** attribute for services secrued with OAuth2, JWT, and a OAuth2 and JWT combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See these sample excerpts from APIRule custom resources that show the **rules** attribute for services secured with OAuth2, JWT, and an OAuth2 and JWT combination.
```
